Adds basic documentation (#8)
arfc/osier: README.md

# osier
/ˈōZHər/ <br>
Open source multi-objective energy system framework

[![Build Status](https://github.com/arfc/osier/actions/workflows/CI.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/arfc/osier/actions/workflows/CI.yml)

## Installation

`osier` is not currently on PyPI or Conda-forge (we hope this will change
soon). It may be installed by executing the following commands on the command
line:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:arfc/osier.git  # requires ssh-keys
# or
git clone https://github.com/arfc/osier.git
cd osier
# for a basic installation
pip install .
# to also install the documentation dependencies
pip install .[doc]
```

Someday, the `osier` documentation will be hosted on its own website. For
now the documentation may be built with

```bash
cd osier/docs
make html
cd build/html
# to serve the documentation
python -m http.server
```

## Tests
`osier`'s tests can be run by executing `pytest` in the top-level directory 
of `osier`.

## Contributing

> Contributions to `osier` are welcome. For details on how to make bug reports, pull requests, and other information, check the [contributing page](docs/source/contrib.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributions to `osier` are welcome. For details on how to make bug reports, pull requests, and other information, check the [contributing page](docs/source/contrib.md).
```

# osier
/ˈōZHər/ <br>
Open source multi-objective energy system framework

[![Build Status](https://github.com/arfc/osier/actions/workflows/CI.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/arfc/osier/actions/workflows/CI.yml)

## Installation

> `osier` is not currently on PyPI or Conda-forge (we hope this will change

Reviewer 2: I'd avoid trying to make promises in your documentation unless you are 100% sure it will happen. For you though since one of the requirements of naming this software was that it can be put on PyPI, I think this is okay since you seriously intend to put it up there. Conda-forge will be a little trickier, so perhaps remove that clause for now?

Author: (I am 100% sure it will happen :))

soon). It may be installed by executing the following commands on the command
line:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:arfc/osier.git  # requires ssh-keys
# or
git clone https://github.com/arfc/osier.git
cd osier
# for a basic installation
pip install .
# to also build the documentation

> pip install .[doc]

Reviewer 2: I tried running this command but the docs did not build.

Author: This installs optional dependencies, info to build the docs is a little farther down. Though I see how this could be confusing.

```

Someday, the `osier` documentation will be hosted on its own website. For
now the documentation may be built with

```bash
cd osier/docs
make html
cd build/html
# to serve the documentation
python -m http.server
```

## Tests
`osier`'s tests can be run by executing `pytest` in the top-level directory 
of `osier`.

## Contributing

Contributions to `osier` are welcome. For details on how to make bug reports, issues to

> work on, and other information, check the [contributing page](docs/source/contrib.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Contributions to `osier` are welcome. For details on how to make bug reports, pull requests, and other information, check the [contributing page](docs/source/contrib.md)
```

I think this makes a bit more sense, as issues to work on are in the issues tab on the github repo, not at the contributing page in the documentation.
